# Serverless Aws Auto Resource Names

This is a plugin for the [Serverless Framework](https://serverless.com/).
When "aws" is used as the provider, this plugin will automatically
insert names for the resources, and if enabled exports, for which none are specified.

## Name Generation

Names are generated by prepended the specified prefix and appending the logical
resource name converted to kebab case. If a resource doesnt have a name specified the generated on is inserted,
but will never overwrite a specified one. This also holds for outputs.

### Examples

#### Using the config

````
custom:
    awsAutoResourceNames:
        prefix: ${self:service}_${self:provider.stage}_ # myservice_dev_
        exportPrefix: ${self:service}_${self:provider.stage}_export_ # myservice_dev_export_
        generateExports: true
````
will
````
MyTestRepo:
    Type: AWS::CodeCommit::Repository
````

replace by

````
MyTestRepo:
    Type: AWS::CodeCommit::Repository
    Properties:
        RepositoryName: myservice_dev_my-test-repo
````

and

````
Outputs:
    DebugValue:
        Value: ...
````

replace by

````
Outputs:
    DebugValue:
        Value: ...
        Export:
            Name: myservice_dev_export_debug-value
````

### Special Cases

Name generation is explicitly defined on a type to type basis, therefore some types might not have names automatically inserted.
In which case a warning will be logged (unless disabled in the config). In case a resource you want to be automatically named is not yet specified, please create a issue in the GitHub repository.

And here are some special type behaviour cases:

``AWS::S3::Bucket`` - names will have underscores replaced by dashes, since buckets can't handle underscores.

## Configuration

Configuration properties have to be specified under ``custom.awsAutoResourceNames`` like this
````
custom:
    awsAutoResourceNames:
            [config property]: [config property value]
            ...
    ...
````

#### ``prefix: String`` ``Default: none``
The prefix that is prepended before each generated resource name.

#### ``exportPrefix: String?`` ``Default: none``

The prefix used for the generation of output export name generation when specified.

#### ``generateExports: Boolean?`` ``Default: false``

When true, it will generate names for all outputs, which have not specified an export, therefore exporting all of them.

#### ``removeLambdaFunctionSuffix: Boolean?`` ``Default: true``

When true, it will remove the "LambdaFunction" suffix that is autogenerated by Serverless.

#### ``logMissingTypeBehaviourWarning: Boolean?`` ``Default: true``

Whether to log a warning when unknown types are encountered.
